# Results

# Roadmap and activites to implement

At the end of the assessment we can collect the results and given the set of activities to implement if the results are less then value 3.

### SWSEC PROCESSES

PR1 Implement a Risk Assessment process in order to categorize by risk your applications

PR2 Security Requirements (standard use cases, new vulns)

PR3 Implement a Security Architecture Process in order to have a Company standard of reviewed architectures

PR4 Realizing the threat modeling methodology to be applied to projects valued at medium to high risk in the definition phase of the project;

PR5 Secure Design

PR6 SCR and WAPT standard are necessary to perform the security analysis following your internal standards

PR7 Create a Software Assurance process to be sure that the development phase is following all your security requirements

PR 8 implement a Security bug fixing process lead by satellite developers

PR 9 Secure Monitoring using WAF or RASP technologies

### SWSEC TESTING

TS1 Utilize automated security testing tools for all the applications (DAST and IAST tools are preferred);

TS2 Utilize automated secure code analysis tools for all the software (SAST and IAST tool are preferred).

TS3 Utilize manual testing for high risk applications;

TS4  Utilize manual secure code review during the development for high risk projects.

### SWSEC TEAM

TE1 Formalize the Security Manager role in order to strengthen the real role in the company. He must become the guarantor of the dissemination of culture on software security, and the focal point in your company for the adoption of standards and security processes in software development.

TE2 Identify Security Champions or externalize this function

### SWSEC AWARENESS

AW1 Conduct security awareness training for all people involved in SDLC: half a day for managers, architects, developers, marketing 

AW2 Plan trainings for analysts: “Threat Modeling” (2 days);

AW3 Trainings for developers: 'Building Secure Software for specific platforms' (2-5 days).

### SWSEC STANDARDS

SS1 Maintain a Software Security Roadmap using the OWASP SAMM model.

SS2 Build and maintain secure coding guidelines for your developing environments; share the guidelines with development teams with training courses with final exam.

SS3 Review security requirements into supplier agreements for the Governance of the Software Security with the outsourcers

SS4 Classify data and applications based on business risk.

SS5 Maintain a list of recommended software frameworks to use in your projects.

SS6 Explicitly apply security principles to design using a Threat Modeling standard.

SS7 Establish formal Secure architectures and platforms standards.


---

[Go back to the ToC](ToC.md)
